configuration/tidb-server: add a description for `max-server-connections` (#1790)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/configuration-file.md

- Default value: `2048`
- When the length of the statement is longer than `query-log-max-len`, the statement is truncated to output.

### `max-server-connections`

- The maximum number of concurrent client connections allowed in TiDB. It is used to control resources.
- Default value: `4096`

> - When the number of client connections is up to `max-server-connections`, the TiDB server rejects new client connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the actual number of client connections is equal to the value of `max-server-connections`, the TiDB server rejects new client connections.
```
